Weeks 1 to 2: 

Leader and team complete the Triple Goal Team Development Survey.
Leader and team trained in Triple Goal methodology including Accountable Conversations.
Leader and team define target state for high performance psychosocial safety using Triple Goal methodology (results in clear set of prioritised red and green zone behaviours). 
Leader and team align on the weekly or fortnightly sprint cycle. Tthis and the actions above are conducted in a single workshop. 
Culture Crunch app is configured for client org (LLM + app wrapper with nudge engine).
Dashboard is configured for client. 
CC app is tested ready for deployment.
Leader onboards self into CC app - uploads all relevant team static data and information (doc / data upload into app). This includes TG Team Development survey report + priorities red and green zone behaviours for the team.  
Initiate LGP360 feedback assessment for leader
First pulse survey conducted Friday or week 2 (3 questions, 2 minutes, anonymous).
First round of ONA conducted and fed into CC app (if relevant...??).

Weeks 3-4:

First AI-generated Leader Brief delivered Monday, week 3 @ 7am.
Leader runs first 10-min OORA conversation ritual and team picks one micro-practice or action for the week. Recommended day is Monday, PM.
AI tracks: meeting load, shifts, rosters, overtime. recognition patterns, psychosocial trends (not sure how this will work in the MVP consulting model).
Micro-action / practice is implemented and tracked: "Kill 2 recurring meetings", "5-min recognition round". 
Process is replicated for week 4. 
Dashboard shows real-time culture shifts at the end of week 4. 

Weeks 5-6: Embed + Report

Leader LGP360 debrief and action planning.
Leader conducts Team Review with direct reports and confirms One Big Practice. 
Weeks 5 + 6 continue the weekly psychosocial sprints.
Teem sees behaviours changes and actions being implemented.
Final ROI snapshot for compliance audits
12-month sustain licence - AI Leader Co-pilot access.